{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 We thank the reviewers for their insightful reviews, and address their comments below.\
\
Review A:\
- Designing robust defense mechanisms against such effective attacks is indeed a challenging problem. Apart from designing a robust captcha scheme, various safeguards can also be employed. Nonetheless, in practice, our community has yet been able to prevent such attacks, and CAPTCHAs continue to present a perfect example of the arms race that security is.\
\
Review B:\
- Proposing an alternative to audio CAPTCHAs is a very challenging open research problem. Our community has yet to be able to deploy a truly robust CAPTCHA scheme. The extra constraint of accessibility that is offered by audio CAPTCHAs makes this an even harder problem, as any alternative would require extensive usability testing with users to evaluate whether accessibility for visually impaired users is achieved, which is out of the scope of this work.\
\
- Indeed, in practice CAPTCHA systems are \'93accompanied\'94 by other safeguards which can limit the volume of attacks (e.g., IP based token buckets etc.). Previous work has shown how certain safeguards can be bypassed (e.g., token harvesting in [37]). Similarly, we mention in the paper how we were able to bypass restrictions in ReCaptcha by using \'93random\'94 User Agents. Nonetheless in our economic analysis we state that our calculations rely on the assumption that attackers are not constrained by other forms of rate limiting \'97 given the continued availability of CAPTCHA-solving services one could safely assume that they are lucrative. As such, it makes sense that they have infrastructure already in place allowing them to operate at scale. Thus, by substituting human solvers with our low-cost attacks they could potentially increase the profits of their operations considerably. Given the lack of details of the infrastructure employed by these services, it would be very difficult to introduce this aspect into our economic analysis. Our analysis aims to highlight how existing speech recognition services can be misused at scale without incurring extra costs for the attacker.\
\
- We will add more details in section 4 for the other services.\
\
- Regarding the 1% threshold, indeed this is a somewhat arbitrary number and other papers may argue for higher or lower thresholds. However, it is customary in CAPTCHA literature to offer such a number as a way for readers to \'93evaluate\'94 the effectiveness of a specific attack. As such, we opted for the number commonly used in CAPTCHA-breaking papers. While there is no standardized or universally accepted threshold, we can further elaborate on this point in the final version of the paper. }